Jin Ting, the 10th of next month is a good day.
Otherwise, our wedding will be scheduled for that day
This is too coincidental
This Sun Jian accompanied Su Ran to the hospital again
I accompanied him to dinner again
It seems that Su Ran is looking at the child's face
The old relationship with Sun Jian was rekindled
Don't talk nonsense
Yan Ting, do you know why Su Ran
His mother didn't want him and Sun Jian
Are you together?
I'm not interested in knowing
His mother wanted his daughter to marry into a wealthy family
It's a pity that it was ruined by Sun Jian
I also brought a tow bottle
This wealthy family was smashed to pieces
His mother hates Sun Jian to the core now
It turns out that Su Ran's son is Sun Jian's
No wonder Sun Jian has always missed him
Ah, Yan Ting, stop drinking
To be drunk
It's not up to you to take care of this
Since you want to drink
Then I'll ask the waiter to bring all your wine
After tonight
Yan Ting belongs to me completely